Update documentation MQTT suggested_area (#17003)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alarm_control_panel.mqtt.markdown

      description: "The name of the device."
      required: false
      type: string
    suggested_area:

>       description: 'Suggest an area if the device isn’t in one yet.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Suggest an area if the device isn’t in one yet."
```
